Add backward compatibility to secret masking for output schema (#5783)
StackStorm/st2: CHANGELOG.rst

* Fixed generation of `st2.conf.sample` to show correct syntax for `[sensorcontainer].partition_provider` (space separated `key:value` pairs). #5710
  Contributed by @cognifloyd

> * A new output schema using full JSON schema was introduced and secrets previously masked using
>   the legacy output schema are now being displayed as plain text. To prevent security relative
>   issues, add backward compatibility to secret masking. Full output schema validation will need
>   to be migrated to the new schema.

Reviewer: Can we refactor the messaging here a bit? 
```suggestion
* Add backward compatibility to secret masking introduced in #5319 to prevent security-relative issues. Full output schema validation will need
  to be migrated to the new schema. #5783
```
It sounds like there was an issue in the previous version of stackstorm.

In fact, this patch is added on top of #5319, which wasn't released yet and there was no harm made to the production versions yet.

It's great to have this issue caught early though!

Author: Done
